# Building a Stripe Connect platform

When you build an application using Dashboard you need to set up your Dashboard server on its own hosting and write your application.  Because Dashboard handles a lot of content for you your application only neeeds a `/` guest landing page and `/home` user application page to get started.

## Set up a copy of Dashboard

Dashboard is self-hosted and open source, you need to deploy it to eg Heroku or Digital Ocean or AWS before you can use.  Dashboard is a NodeJS project requiring node `12.13.1`.

    $ mkdir dashboard-server
    $ cd dashboard-server
    $ npm init
    $ npm install @userdashboard/dashboard
    $ npm install @userdashboard/stripe-connect
    $ echo "require('@userdashboard/dashboard').start(__dirname)" > main.js
    
Edit package.json to activate module:
    
    "dashboard": {
     "modules": [
       "@userdashboard/stripe-connect"
     ]
    }

Start your dashboard server:

    $ NODE_ENV="production" \
      DASHBOARD_SERVER="http://localhost:8000" \
      APPLICATION_SERVER="http://localhost:8001" \
      APPLICATION_SERVER_TOKEN="abcdef123456" \
      DOMAIN="localhost:8000" \
      node main.js

### Write your application

The example above expects your application server to be listening on localhost:8001, it needs to serve a guest landing page on `/` and a `/home` page for your users.  At a minimum these are the only two pages your application needs to serve.

When it is ready you can open your application at `http://localhost:8000`, the first account to register is the website owner with the unique authority to assign and revoke administrators.  You will want to include `<html auth="false" template="false">` in your guest landing page.

### Request Connect data from your application server

Perform a GET request to your dashboard server's `/api/user/connect/stripe-accounts?all=true&accountid=x` on behalf of any user to see if they have completed a Connect registration.  You can then use this data to allow access to your platform's functionality.
